[docs] Update old forums link to Discord forums (#24857)
expo/expo: docs/pages/workflow/ios-simulator.mdx

You may get a warning about needing to accept the Xcode license. Run the command that it suggests. Open your app again to see if it was successful. If not, check the [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) tips below.

> If the troubleshooting tips are not helpful, ask a question in our [forums](https://discord.gg/expo), Stack Overflow, or Google.

Author: ```suggestion
If the troubleshooting tips are not helpful, ask a question in our [forums](https://chat.expo.dev/), Stack Overflow, or Google.
```
